Manual CI/CD Pipeline for a Java Application

A manual CI/CD pipeline typically involves the following steps:

Source code management: The first step is to manage your source code using a version control system such as Git. Create a repository for your Java application on a Git hosting service like GitHub or GitLab.

Build and Test: Next, you need to build and test your application code. You can use Maven to build your Java application and run unit tests using JUnit. In order to do this, you will need to create a pom.xml file with the required dependencies and plugins. To build the application and run the tests, run the following commands:

java
Copy code
mvn clean package
mvn test

Deploy: Once your code has been built and tested, you can deploy it to a staging environment for further testing. This could be a server or a cloud-based platform like Heroku. To deploy your application, you will need to package it into a deployable artifact such as a JAR file.

Test the deployment: Once your application has been deployed, you should test it to make sure it is working as expected. You can use tools like Postman to test your REST APIs, and Selenium to test the front-end UI.

Release: If all tests pass, you can then release your application to production. This involves deploying it to a production environment where it will be publicly available.

Monitor and maintain: After the release, you should monitor the application to ensure it is performing as expected. Use monitoring tools such as Prometheus or Grafana to monitor your application's performance and quickly identify and resolve any issues.

Writing a simple test.sh file

A simple test.sh file to test your Java application could look like this:


This script runs the mvn clean package command to build the application and create a deployable artifact. It then runs mvn test to execute unit tests. Finally, it checks the exit code of the test command and outputs a message indicating whether the tests passed or failed.

Automated CI/CD Pipeline using Jenkins and Maven

To create an automated CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins and Maven, follow these steps:

Install Jenkins and Maven: First, you need to install Jenkins and Maven on your server or local machine.

Create a new Jenkins pipeline: In the Jenkins web interface, create a new pipeline project by clicking on the "New Item" button and selecting "Pipeline" from the list.

Configure the pipeline: In the pipeline configuration page, configure the pipeline to check out the code from your Git repository, build the application using Maven, and run tests. You can use the following Jenkinsfile as a starting point:


This pipeline has three stages: build, test, and deploy. In the build stage, it runs mvn clean package to build the application. In the test stage, it runs mvn test to execute unit tests. Finally, in the deploy stage, it runs mvn deploy to deploy the