A DB instance is an isolated database environment running in the cloud. It is the basic building block of Amazon RDS. 
A DB instance can contain multiple user-created databases, and can be accessed using the same client tools and applications you might 
use to access a standalone database instance. 
DB instances are simple to create and modify with the AWS command line tools, Amazon RDS API operations, or the AWS Management Console.

Creating a database with ec2 connection:
Step 1: Create a Mariadb DB instance 
	~ Choose Create database and make sure that Easy create is chosen.
	~ DB instance size - Free tier
	~To enter your master password, make sure Auto generate a password is cleared, and then enter the same password in 
	Master password and Confirm password.
	Choose Create database.
Step 2: Create an EC2 instance
	~ Under Application and OS Images (Amazon Machine Image), choose Ubuntu Linux.
            ~ Under Instance type, choose t2.micro.
	~  Under Key pair (login), choose a Key pair name to use an existing key pair.
	~ Provide all the necessary details and launch the instance.
Step 3: Connect your EC2 instance and MariaDB instance automatically
	~ In the navigation pane, choose Databases, and then choose the RDS database.
	~ For Actions, choose Set up EC2 connection.
	~ The Set up EC2 connection page appears.
	~ On the Set up EC2 connection page, choose the EC2 instance.
	~ On the Review and confirm page, review the changes that RDS will make to set up connectivity with the EC2 instance.
	   If the changes are correct, choose Confirm and set up.
Step 4: Click on the DB instance and copy the endpoint & port number
Step 5: Connect to the EC2 instance created
Step 6: Write the Following commands
a) apt install mysql-client
b)mysql --version
c)mysql -h database-1.cwnegjnpupko.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com -P 3306 -u admin -p
d)create database anusha;
e)use anusha;
f)create table student (id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,name VARCHAR(40),BRANCH VARCHAR(10),PRIMARY KEY(id));
g)insert into student (name,branch) values ('anusha','ece'),('lakahmi','ece');
h)select * from student;
