Containization :

1. what is containerization?
2. what is the use of creating containers?
3. what is difference bbetwenn creating container and creating vms?
4. why creating containers is somewhat similar to creating vms?
5.general difference between virtuailssation and containerization?
6.why containers act as isolated environment?
7. what is this isolated enironment in case of container and how multiple container can be 
run indepently on host os?
8.what is the benefit of using containers?
9.why we hae different ips assigned to different conatiners running on same host ?



// Docker 
: Docker is a tool or application which enables us to create containers.

// Docker : Docker desktop 
: Docker desktop : server , engine : docker daemon
                 : client , CLI ,apis
                 : HUB ,docker hub

// docker has client-server architecture :

Dockerfile : recipe to create docker image

FROM : it defines which service image to be used for your application
WORKDIR : it defines the folder structure of the application inside the container and 
where everything you download willbe .

COPY file_which_contains_our_application_dependency.
example : nodejs : package.json ,python_flask: requirements.txt

RUN : it tells docker to perform installation of whatever is there in your dependecy file.

COPY . . : it tells to copy all the stuff just got downladed and keep it in the desired folder structure

EXPOSE : it tells docker that our application will run on port 3000 inside the container. 

CMD : ["node","index.js"] : it tells docker to run this command in command line environment 
to start the application



Docker CLI commands :

1. docker login :used for authenticating the user on docker.
2. docker info : to look for information regarding docker.
3. docker images : to look for available images in our docker.
4. docker pull image_name : command to pull images from remote docker hub.
5. docker images --help : --help is a mode to see list of other modes and infos related the command
6. docker run  -it  _image_name |_imageID : to run the image and make a container.
7. docke ps : will show the running containers
