git fetch:
      git fetch is primary command used to download the contents from remote repository.
      git fetch is used when you only want to see all of the current branches and changes in your remote repository.
      git fetch commands is used to pull the updates from remote-tracking branches.Additionally we can get the updates that have been 
      pushed to our local machines.
fetch commands:
    1) git fetch <repository Url> :
                        By using this command we can fetch the complete repository with the help of fetch 
                        command from repository URL.
    2)git fetch <branch URL> <branch name>:
                        This command is used to fetch data from specific branch.
    3)git fetch --all:
                        This command is used to fetch the data from all the branches simuntaneously
    4)git fetch origin:
                        This command is used to update the new features to local repository
 
   The git fetch can fetch from either a single named repository or URL or from several repositories at once. 
   The git fetch downloads the remote content but not update your local repository working state when no remote server is specified,by default, it will fetch the origin 
   remote


git merge:
     Git merge joins two or more development history together.The git merge command facilitates you to take the data created by git branch 
     and integrates them into a single branch.
     Types of merges:
        1) Fast-forward merge
        2)Three way merge

merge commands:
      1)git merge <commit>:
                     This command is used to merge the specified commit to currently active branch.
                     To merge a commit,first discover its commit id. we can use "git log" command to find specified commit id.
      2)git merge branch:
                    git allows merging the whole branch in another branch.suppose you have made changes on a branch and want to merge all of that at a time.This is can be possible by using this command.