Q2. Create an EC2 intance for a Reactjs application and deploy the application and provide the public ip for it, 
    also enable the cloud monitoring on this instances.

    Launch EC2 Instance:
 
    First, log in to the AWS Management Console, 
    navigate to the EC2 Dashboard, and click on "Launch Instance." 
    Choose the AMI of your choice (Amazon Linux 2 ), 
    select an instance type, and configure the instance details.
    
    Configure Security Group: 
  
    In the "Configure Security Group" section, create a new security group 
    i.e in edit inbound rules you need to  add SSH, HTTP, HTTPS and assign ipv4 anywhere to them.
    that allows SSH, HTTP and HTTPS traffic. 
    This will allow users to access your ReactJS application.
    
    Deploying ReactJs Application:
  
    After connecting to the EC2 instance, follow these commands,
    
    1. Sudo apt update.     --> It will update the package lists for Ubuntu-based Linux distributions.
    2. git clone https:     --> github.com/<your-git-repo>. // cloning your ReactJS application from your Git repository to the EC2 instance.
    3. ls                   --> To list the files and directories in the current working directory. 
    4. cd js                --> It will change the current working directory to a directory named "js" that is located in the current directory.
    5. Sudo apt install npm --> It will install the Node.js package manager (npm) on an Ubuntu-based Linux system.
    6. npm i                --> It will install all the dependencies and devDependencies listed in the package.json file.
    7. npm start            --> It is used to start a Node.js application.
  
    After compiling the Webpack successfully,
    1. Go to the Security groups of the EC2 instance.
    2. In the inbound rules, add the new inbound rule with the port range of 3000.
    3. Copy the public Ip url of the instance and paste it on the new tab, also include the port range.
    4. Public Ip : port range (3000).
    Then you will see the Amazon interface on the tab.
    
    Enabling Cloud monitoring on this instance:

    1. Go to monitoring configuration of the instance.
    2. Enable the detailed monitoring option.
    3. In the cloudwatch, select the EC2 option and you will see the detailed monitoring of the instance.