Q3. Create an rds connection with ec2 intance and use it to create an sql database and a sample table.

Launching an instance:
 
 1. First, log in to the AWS Management Console, 
 2. navigate to the EC2 Dashboard, and click on "Launch Instance." 
 3. Choose the AMI of your choice (Amazon Linux 2 ), 
 4. select an instance type, and configure the instance details.
 5. Attach vpc and subnet which has internet gateway connection and route table connected to it.
    
Configure Security Group: 
  
 In the "Configure Security Group" section, create a new security group 
 i.e in edit inbound rules you need to  add SSH, HTTP, HTTPS and assign ipv4 anywhere to them.

Create an RDS instance

 1. Go to the Amazon RDS console and click on "Create database"
 2. Choose the database engine you want to use (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
 3. Select the appropriate version and configuration options for your use case
 4. Specify a username and password for the database administrator account
 5. Choose a VPC and subnet group for the RDS instance
 6. Configure the security group to allow incoming traffic from the EC2 instance
 7. Connect to the RDS instance from the EC2 instance

Connect to the RDS instance from the EC2 instance

 SSH into the EC2 instance using the key pair associated with the instance
 Install the database client software for your database engine (e.g. MySQL client for MySQL)
 Use the client software to connect to the RDS instance using the endpoint, database name, 
 and database administrator credentials specified during the RDS instance creation

To use the client software, use the following commands.

 1. Sudo apt-get update.
 2. mysql -h [endpoint of database] -P [Port] -u [username] -p [password].
 3. Enter the password of the databse adminitrator account.

Create a sample table in the SQL database:
 
 1. Use the appropriate SQL commands to create a sample table in the connected database.

 For example, if you are using MySQL, you can use the following command:
  
 CREATE TABLE sample_table (
  id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  age INT NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (id)
);


Verify the table creation:

 1. Use the appropriate SQL commands to verify that the sample table was created successfully
  
    For example, if you are using MySQL, you can use the following command:

    SELECT * FROM sample_table;

 This should display an empty table with the columns "id", "name", and "age".
